chore: update broken links to lodestar docs (#6417)
ChainSafe/lodestar: README.md

## Getting started

- :gear: Follow the installation method for [source install](https://chainsafe.github.io/lodestar/getting-started/installation/#build-from-source), [NPM install](https://chainsafe.github.io/lodestar/getting-started/installation/#install-from-npm-not-recommended), or [Docker install](https://chainsafe.github.io/lodestar/getting-started/installation/#docker-installation) to install Lodestar. Or use our [Lodestar Quickstart scripts](https://github.com/ChainSafe/lodestar-quickstart).
- :books: Use [Lodestar libraries](https://chainsafe.github.io/lodestar/supporting-libraries/libraries/) in your next Ethereum Typescript project.

> - :globe_with_meridians: Run a beacon node on [mainnet or a public testnet](https://chainsafe.github.io/lodestar/beacon-management/beacon-cli/).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- :globe_with_meridians: Run a beacon node on [mainnet or a public testnet](https://chainsafe.github.io/lodestar/getting-started/starting-a-node/).
```
